Add Dataflow Kafka to HCAPI pipeline (#569)
GoogleCloudPlatform/healthcare: utilities/dataflow_kafka_to_hcapi/README.md

# Google Cloud Healthcare API
Overview: The Cloud Healthcare API is a fully-managed service that makes it easy to access, process, and analyze healthcare data. It provides a RESTful API that supports a wide range of healthcare data formats, including FHIR, HL7v2, and DICOM.\n
The Cloud Healthcare API is a secure and reliable service that is compliant with HIPAA and HITECH. \n
Usage: HCAPI will be used to store transformed FHIR resources (in our case Patient FHIR resource)which will be made available for downstream applications or other processes.

# Google Cloud Storage
Usage: Google Cloud Storage will be used to archive raw healthcare data sent by the source as well as log error message occurred during transformation or while posting FHIR resource to HCAPI

# Google Cloud Secret Manager
Overview: Secret Manager stores API keys, passwords, certificates, and other sensitive data.
Usage: To store Kafka connection details e.g bootstrap servers, Api Key and secrets if using Confluent Kafka. Dataflow will read from secret manager to extract kafka connection details.

## Prerequisites before cloning the repository

> 1. Create a Google Cloud Project and set up appropriate billing and IAM permissions. Refer following [link](https://developers.google.com/workspace/guides/create-project) for more information on how to create a GCP project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a Google Cloud Project and set up appropriate billing and IAM permissions. Refer to the following [link](https://developers.google.com/workspace/guides/create-project) for more information on how to create a GCP project.
```

2. Create a GCS Archive and Error bucket. Refer following [link](https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/creating-buckets) for more information on how to create a GCS bucket.

> 3. Create a kafka producer and topic. Refer following [link](https://kafka.apache.org/quickstart) for more information on setting up standalone Kafka cluster,Kafka producer and topics.  

Reviewer: ditto

4. Create secrets using Google Cloud secret manager to store kafka server details, API key and secrets if using Confluent Kafka. Refer following [link](https://cloud.google.com/secret-manager/docs/creating-and-accessing-secrets) for more information on creating secrets using Google Cloud Secret manager.  

> 5. Create a FHIR store using Healthcare API. Refer following [link](https://cloud.google.com/healthcare-api/docs/how-tos/fhir#healthcare-create-fhir-store-console) for more information on how to create a FHIR store and set up necessary permissions.

Reviewer: ditto

> 6. Understanding of FHIR Resources and types of FHIR resources.Refer following [link](https://build.fhir.org/ig/HL7/US-Core/) for more information on FHIR resources and different types of FHIR resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Understand the FHIR Resources and types of FHIR resources. Refer  to the following [link](https://build.fhir.org/ig/HL7/US-Core/) for more information on FHIR resources and different types of FHIR resources.
```

or alternatively, you can bold the first sentence here.
